    https://codepen.io/Trwhitt/pen/eYZEqob
    
    
    
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    it is used to give meaning towards your code. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    it is used to mark up and divide information on a website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attribute provides more information, we put it in the section that needs more info.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used to identify the most important information on a page. It should be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes?
    Images and Links.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    the header tag

    7. What is an id? 
    an id is a attribute link you can add to sections of the HTML

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all of them

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Just once.

    10. What is a class?
    A class is a attribute that gives information to a element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    All of them

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
     there is no limit but should be used sparingly.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    you use target="-blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to display an alt image if access to the outsourced one is cut off

    15. How do I reference an id?
    

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a div is a generic tag and section is a semantic tag

    17. What is CSS used for?
    to style the HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    and id is a never changing item on the HTML and can be used in navagation . A class is something you would use to help style in CSS.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a pseudo selector would be like the hover tag.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border:1px dotted black;

    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Use a universal selector like *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    you use ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    you use rm. it will delete right away and have no backup.

    34. Why should I use version control? 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    As often as possible

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    $ git push -u origin File-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. fork the repo 2. Add tl 3.clone your repo usinf HTTPS 4.cd to file you want to go to. 5. git clone <your HTTPS link> 
    6.cd into new file. 6.git checkout -b first-last to creat a new branch. 7.work on your repo and code. 8. commit changed 
    to repo when done with git add . and git commit -m to make message for later. 9. use git push -u origin branch-name to push it back to github. 10. now you can submit for a pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
